docs(obs): add infos in concepts (#1254)
scaleway/docs-content: observability/cockpit/concepts.mdx

Scaleway's alert manager allows you to manage and respond to alerts. It handles alerts sent when the alerting rules we run are firing. The alert manager triggers alerts (e.g. emails or texts) if a criteria you have configured on your applications' metrics and logs is activated.

<Message type="tip">

> Select **Scaleway Alerting** when choosing the Alertmanager if you want to manage your alerts using Grafana.

Reviewer: Is it right that there's no space in Alertmanager?

Author: That's how it displays in Grafana, I don't mind putting a space though ![Capture d’écran 2023-01-25 à 16 28 03](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87707325/216055557-5e9c5af0-377c-4811-a172-e31898217067.png)

> Select **Scaleway Alerting** when choosing the Alertmanager if you want to manage your alerts using Grafana.

Author: ```suggestion
Select **Scaleway Alerting** when choosing the Alert manager if you want to manage your alerts using Grafana.
```
